1.  You are given an array of integers and a sliding window of size 'k' 
(less than number of elements in the array) which is moving from the very left of the array to the very right. 
You can only see the k numbers in the window. Each time the sliding window moves right by one position. 
Print the maximum of elements in each position of the sliding window as an array
//done


2.  Print and Count the number of ideal arrays given a positive integer n and the following conditions
    1. ideal array consists of two elements
    2. each element of the ideal array can start from 1 and be up to n
    3. second element of the array must be divisible by first element of the array
    4. Both the array elements can have the same value
//done 

3.  Return the number of steps needed to make the given array empty by following the rules below
     1. If the first element is the smallest, remove it
     2. If the first element is not the smallest, move that element to the end



4.  Write the given string in a zig zag pattern over a given number of rows and then combine all the lines as output. 

E.g. The string "PAYPALISHIRING" is written in a zigzag pattern over 3 rows as :
P     A     H     N
A P  L S  I   I   G
Y      I      R
And then print the output as "PAHNAPLSIIGYIR"

5.  Given two strings, check if the second string is a rotation of the first.  //done

6.  Given a number, find the sum of digits at even positions.

7.  Given a m x n matrix, rotate the matrix anticlockwise by 90 degrees

8.  Every decimal number can be changed into its binary form. Suppose your computer has a Virus, that eats binary
digits from the right side of a number. Suppose a virus has 6 spikes, it will eat up 6 binary digits in your numbers.
You will have a bunch of numbers, and your machine will have a virus with n spikes, you have to calculate what will be the final decimal value of the virus infected numbers.
Inputs:
  (1) A single Integer N,   
  (2) an array of N elements,   
  (3) A single integer n, no. of spikes in virus
Output:  Single N space separated integers in decimal denoting the final situation of the array.
Inputs: 5,  [1,2, 3, 4, 5],  2
Output
0 0 0 1 1